Adding 1.8 install  changes (#5002)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/core/source-install.md

### Installing dbt Core

> Beginning in v1.8, you must install both dbt Core and the desired adapter because dbt-core has been decoupled from the adapter installation.

Author: ```suggestion
Beginning in v1.8, you must install both dbt Core and the desired adapter because `dbt-core` has been decoupled from the adapter installation.
```

> Beginning in v1.8, you must install both dbt Core and the desired adapter because `dbt-core` has been decoupled from the adapter installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning in v1.8, installing an adapter no longer automatically installs `dbt-core`. This is because adapters and dbt Core versions have been decoupled from each other so we no longer want to overwrite existing dbt-core installations
```
Not sure but this might be a bit more precise about what's happening

Author: Thank you, Colin!

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/5002/commits/ac9737b67592a9669e4e365851d3284d2237d1ed

> Beginning in v1.8, installing an adapter no longer automatically installs `dbt-core`. This is because adapters and dbt Core versions have been decoupled from each other so we no longer want to overwrite existing dbt-core installations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Beginning in v1.8, installing an adapter does not automatically install `dbt-core`. This is because adapters and dbt Core versions have been decoupled from each other so we no longer want to overwrite existing dbt-core installations
```
